# Protect Children From Violence

## To whomover has the power to discuss and implement policies and
## actions to protect children from violence (guns or otherwise):

Please prioritize protecting children. Compromise. Talk. Keep the
issue of prevention of violence toward children at the top of your
schedules.

## Letter template

The following text may be a template for someone if they chose to send
a letter to the editor of their local paper:

When items related to violence against children drop out of the
headlines, it appears sometimes that the events or issues are
forgotten about. To be fair, I realize that’s not the literal case,
and that people care about children, and they don’t truly forget. More
specifically, it’s not always apparent whether lawmakers, community or
organization leaders and members are attempting to sit down at a table
and talk. I’ve seen some discussions online about methods for solving
violence against children. They seem to often consist of name-calling,
sarcasm, and insults, and sometimes people don’t include links to
support their opinions. These types of discussions make it difficult
for readers to learn about differing viewpoints (for readers who don’t
already have their minds made up about certain points). The main goal
of writing this letter is not to offer my political or social
ideology, but to remind any people who have the power to discuss and
implement policies that would protect children from violence to sit
down at a table and talk. I understand that some of the opposing
viewpoints on prevention methods have a wide gap, and because of that
gap, it must often seem that compromise would be impossible. But I
hope that at least, to start with, one idea could be developed.
Something small that would help in some small way. Some small step.
Any small step would be good. And after that, one more idea; perhaps
slightly larger and a little more effective, one that might require a
small compromise. And after that, please continue. To any people who
have the power to sit at a table, compromise, and implement solutions,
please start talking if you haven’t already done so. Thank you for
your prompt and persistent attention to this matter.

##

If one wanted to send a similar letter to any of their elected officials, it
should need only minor editing.

Or you may want to write something completely different. If you would
like to contact your elected representatives, you can use the links
below to get more information:

## US

* [How To Write A Legislator](https://www.wikihow.life/Write-to-a-Legislator)

* [Find Your Representative](https://www.house.gov/representatives/find-your-representative)

* [Find Your Senators](https://www.senate.gov/senators/senators-contact.htm)

For elected officials within your state goverment body, it's almost
just as easy.

In your favorite search engine, enter `find <state> legislators`. Look
for results where the domain name ends in '.gov'.

To find contact information for your city government, go to your
city's official website and look for "city council" or whatever might
be relevant to the city, town, or village in which you live.

### Local paper

If you'd like to write to your local paper, the information on how to
do so is usually on the 'opinions' or 'letters to the editors' page of
the paper (if they don't reply, that often doesn't mean they've
rejected your letter).

## Other Countries

If you'd like to add a howto section for your own country, please do so here.

##

### Note

Images in the logo used by [the GitHub
organization](https://github.com/Protect-Children-From-Violence) were
created using [This Person Does Not
Exist](https://thispersondoesnotexist.com/)

